The EasyDelivery Company provides food/products delivery service for customers. Customer can place takeout/delivery orders through the EasyDelivery App. Now, EasyDelivery would like one relational database to store the information about their management system to be able to carry out their work in an organized way. They have some major modules such as Employee and Customer, Restaurant and Order. 

Employee’s information is stored in the database, such as employee ID, Name (First, Middle, Last), Address, Gender, Date of Birth (should be constrained as 16 years or older) and Phone number (one person may have more than one phone number). The Employee’s ID should have the format “EXXX”, where X is a number from 0-9. (Hint: you can use regexp_like() function). 

Details of a customer such as ID, Name (First, Middle, Last), Address and Phone number are recorded. You are free to define the format of customer ID. Customer is further classified as Ordinary Customer and Silver Member. Every silver member owns one member card issued by Staff. Employee and Silver Member can further become Gold Member. Every gold member owns a Gold Pass, which can allow the member has free delivery fee in their orders 10 times monthly. Employee is further classified as Area Manager, Deliverer and Staff. 

The start date of the designation of each employee is stored. Every deliverer is supervised by an area manager, an area manager may supervise many deliverers. Every deliverer needs to register at least one Vehicle for delivery. Vehicle’s information such as Plate Number, Maker, Model and Color are stored. Area managers work in an Area (Richardson, Frisco, Plano, Dallas, etc.), and is responsible for making contracts with the Shops in his working area. The contract start time of each shop is stored. 

There are two types of Shops: Restaurants and Supermarkets. Restaurants’ Name, Type (Fast Food, BBQ, Buffet, Drink, etc.), Address, Area, Business Phone Number are recorded. A Restaurant can have more than one type. Supermarkets’ Name, Address, Business Phone Number are recorded. Supermarkets sell various Products, one product may be sold in different supermarkets at different price. Supermarkets maintain Inventories of their products showing how much products in stock. Each Shop opens and closes at specific times following a schedule table. Shops may have different open and close time in different days in a week. Shops sometimes may provide Promotion. Each Promotion includes a unique Promotion code, and its description. When Customers place orders, customer may choose to use promotion codes. Customers can make Comments to the Shops. The comments include rating score (can be 1,2,3,4,5), and comment contents. Details of Orders such as Order ID, Order Contents, Total Balance are recorded. Each order belongs to corresponding Restaurants. Customer can select different payment types to pay for the order. Details of Payment such as unique Payment Confirm Number, Payment Type, Payment Time is recorded. Deliverer will deliver the order with a specific registered vehicle.